 

Try The Division now for free!

Create your agent and play in co-op or on your own to save New York from a devastating pandemic. The Free Trial will provide you with a full access to the content of the main game until you reach either level 8 or 6 hours of playtime. Once you hit one of these limits, you will not be able to play anymore but your progression will carry over if you purchase the full game.

What is The Division Trial? 

 The Tom Clancy’s The Division trial version is the perfect opportunity for you to experience The Division for free. Become an Agent and take back New York!

What platforms is the trial available on? 

 The trial will be available on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and for PC.

When will the trial be available? 

 The trial is releasing on February 28th on Xbox One and PC in all territories and on PS4 in America. The EMEA* PS4 version will be available on March 9th.

  *Europe, Middle East and Asia

How do I access the trial?  PC players will be able to find the Trial version of the game in Uplay PC.

 

 - Launch Uplay PC

 

 - In the menu on the top, click on “Games”

 

 - On the new page, click on “Free Games”

 

 - You'll be able to find The Division Free Trial and start the download.

   PS4 players will be able to find the trial on the PS Store.

 

 - Go to the PS Store

 

 - Search for The Division

 

 - On the game page, start the download by selecting on “Try Free Demo”.

   Please note that the PS4 version will be available on the 9th of March 2017.   Xbox One players will find the trial on the Xbox Marketplace.

 

 - Go to the Xbox Marketplace

 

 - Search for the Division

 

 - On the game page, select “Try For Free” to start the download.

What does the Division Trial include? 

 The trial version contains the complete main game without the 3 expansions (Underground, Survival and Last Stand).

 

 Players will be limited to the creation of 1 character.

  Please note, that you won’t be able to delete the character you created, nor to create any additional characters.

How long can I try the game for? 

 You will be able to delve deep into the streets of New York for either 6 hours or until your character reaches level 8.

Will the trial include PvP activities? 

 The Dark Zone, a PvP-enabled area in the heart of midtown, will be available to discover. Go rogue or team up with other players, it’s up to you!

Is Xbox Live Gold and/or PlayStation Plus required? 

 You will need a PlayStation Plus or Xbox Live Gold membership to be able to enter the Dark Zone or to group up with other players.

Can I play with my friends? 

 Yes, group-play is enabled! In fact, it’s also possible to play with users who own the full game.

  Please note, that neither the trial nor the full game is cross-platform.

Is the trial available in all languages? 

 The trial is available in the same languages as the main game.

Will I be able to purchase premium content? 

 You need to own the full game to buy premium credits.

Do I need to download the full game again, if I decide to buy the game? 

 You don’t need to download it again when you convert from the trial version to the full game.

Can I use my free weekend save game in the trial version? 

 You'll still be able to use it, however only if the character did not reach level 8.

If I upgrade to the full game after the trial, will my progress carry over? 

 Yes, if you unlock the full game, you'll be able to keep going from the point you stopped during the trial.

 

 Please be aware, that progress made in the trial version wouldn’t carry over if you choose to buy the full game on a different platform.

Will I get a reward for playing the trial and what about achievements? 

 There won’t be any special rewards for playing the trial. You will be able to get achievements on Xbox One, however they’re unavailable in the trial version on PlayStation 4 and PC.

What is the download size of the trial? 

 The client size is about 42GB on all platforms.

What are the system requirements for the trial version? 

 The requirements are the same as for the full game, which you’ll find below.

   Minimum Requirements 

 Supported OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64bit versions)

 

 Processor: Intel Core i5 2400 @ 3.1 GHz or AMD FX 6100 @ 3.3 GHz

 

 RAM: 6GB

 

 Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 560 or AMD Radeon HD 7770 (2GB VRAM)

 

 DirectX: DirectX June 2010 Redistributable

 

 Sound: DirectX compatible sound card with latest drivers

 

 Hard Drive: 40 GB available space

 

 Peripherals: Keyboard, Mouse, Headset

 

 Multiplayer: Broadband connection with 512 kps upstream

   Recommended Requirements 

 Supported OS: Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64bit versions only)

 

 Processor: Intel Core i7-3770 @ 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 @ 4.0 GHz

 

 RAM: 8GB

 

 Video Card: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970 (4GB) or AMD Radeon R9 290 (4GB) or better

 

 DirectX: DirectX June 2010 Redistributable

 

 Sound: DirectX 9.0c compatible sound card with latest drivers

 

 Hard Drive: 40 GB available space

 

 Peripherals: Keyboard, Mouse, Headset

   Supported Graphic Cards:  

 Nvidia:

 

 GeForce GTX500 series: GeForce GTX560 (2GB VRAM) or better

 

 GeForce GTX600 series: GeForce GTX660 or better

 

 GeForce GTX700 series: GeForce GTX760 or better

 

 GeForce GTX900/Titan series: GeForce GTX960 or better

  

 AMD:

 

 Radeon HD7000 series: Radeon HD7770 (2GB VRAM) or better

 

 Radeon 200 series: Radeon R9 270 or better

 

 Radeon 300/Fury X series: Radeon R9 370 or better

   Please Note: Laptop versions of these cards may work but are NOT officially supported.

Multiple Monitor Support: Tom Clancy's The Division supports multiple monitors, and you can configure your setup under the user interface section of the settings menu. For best results, it is recommended you use these options in conjunction with your video card's Surround (Nvidia™) or Eyefinity™(AMD™) support.

© 2017 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Snowdrop, Tom Clancy’s, The Division logo, the Soldier Icon, Uplay, the Uplay logo, Ubi.com, Ubisoft, and the Ubisoft logo are trademarks of Ubisoft Entertainment in the US and/or other countries. The “PS” Family logo is a registered trademark and “PS4” is a trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. Software platform logo (TM and ©) EMA 2017.

   UBISOFT PRIVACY POLICY   UBISOFT TERMS OF USE   INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING



 



