 



About thirty years ago, five brothers from the Guillemot family laid the foundations of what would become one of the most eminent and influential video game studios of modern gaming. Ubisoft established its roots in Carentoir, a small village in the West of France. Three decades afterwards, with an admirable number of games under its belt, Ubisoft has become a video game publisher of commendable and widespread repute.

Here we enlist the 10 best games Ubisoft has produced during its thirty years of existence:

Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Siege – Gameplay Trailer Fall 2015

The long-awaited successor to the cancelled Tom Clancy's Rainbow 6: Patriots was met with favorable reception albeit opinions altered regarding the game’s merits and defects, the chief complaint being the game’s unsatisfactory content that leaves players wanting as well as minor issues which frequent online multiplayer shooters such as clunky map rotation and a shortage of in-game communication tools for console players.

In spite of these shortcomings, Rainbow Six Siege has set an example for other modern shooters with its unprecedented tactical depth, adrenalin-imbued, heart-pounding exultation at the knowledge that you’re fighting for your life as there are no respawns or health regeneration in addition to its compass of creative team play.

For Honor - World Premiere Trailer - E3 2015

Since its announcement during last year’s E3 press conference, the upcoming action hack and slash video game has constantly pervaded player minds. With a scheduled release date in February 14th, 2017, For Honor is a union of actual human history and epic fictional fantasy that will represent a breath of fresh air in gaming. Instead of another extreme multiplayer shooter, Ubisoft substitutes guns with strenuous third-person sword fighting, a multi-faction badass campaign coupled with methodical, thought-provoking, challenging gameplay as you enter the battlefield as a merciless Viking, agile Samurai or chivalric Knight.

Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Wildlands Reveal Trailer – E3 2015

Set for a March 7th, 2017 release, the anticipated follow-up to the 2012 tactical squad-based shooter Future Soldier has the underlying potential to skyrocket the series to new heights.

Wildlands has all the compulsory ingredients to become a revolutionary entry to the Ghost Recon series and a unique reimagining of shooters like Infinite Warfare, with its alluring storyline, astonishing graphics, a modern-day setting and promising open-world approach with a plethora of side missions and areas just begging for exploration, reminiscent of Far Cry and Grand Theft Auto.



Altair using the iconic Eagle Vision to scan his surroundings.

One of gaming’s best-selling and universally-acknowledged franchises traces its beginnings nearly a decade ago, when the first Assassin’s Creed debuted with a stellar opening number and an outburst of awe.

Through the years, the series expanded with its annual release of main games, spin-offs, comics and novelizations. The first Assassin’s Creed is nowadays regarded as a classic, its indispensable influence in the series is felt to this day, despite the game’s rough initial reception, with critics describing it as a squandered potential due to creative errors on Ubisoft’s part, the repetitive gameplay, underdeveloped story and buggy AI.

Approximately ten years since its release, fans of the Assassin’s Creed franchise fondly reminisce about the game, the most firmly-embedded memories being the memorable protagonist, the well-researched and beautifully-crafted historical cities and the breadth of exploratory open space.

Assassin's Creed Revelations - E3 Trailer Extended Cut

Back in 2011, Assassin’s Creed: Revelations was regarded as the most compelling entry in the series, bringing a faithful and heartfelt closure to gaming’s two most memorable protagonists - Ezio Auditore and Altair Ibn-La'Ahad.

From a narrative point of view, Ubisoft’s ambition is commendable and praiseworthy, as the game strives for equipoise and emotional depth while going back-and-forth between the two characters, tying up all loose ends from previous games. In the end, Ubisoft’s efforts paid off adequately, its strongly developed characters, convincing voice acting, masterful soundtrack and stunning visual design made Revelations the pinnacle of the series’ storytelling method in 2011, despite the fact the game hasn’t revolutionized any of the game’s core aspects which have remained repetitive and worn-out for many years.



Rayman stoutly faces his foes.

A sequel to one of 2011’s best games, Rayman Origins, Rayman Legends offers an over-sufficient quantity of creative content over the course of its twelve hours of gameplay. One of the best Rayman games ever released according to critics, the game lives up to both fan expectations and the quality of its predecessors. Its stunning and diverse level design, unpredictable but delightful in-game moments, the outstanding co-op-based gameplay and the dozens of unlockable items make Rayman Legends a bundle of creativity and a refreshing experience for both children and adults.



An RPG adaptation based on the American adult animated television series South Park.

While it doesn’t elevate to the same pedestal as other RPG games, South Park: The Stick of Truth is still meritorious as it retains the spirit and humor of its high repute television counterpart. A very respectable RPG in its own right with lengthy customization options and turn-based combat, The Stick of Truth feels more like an interactive South Park movie. The player feels engaged throughout the scope of the game, ensnared by a delightful main story and side quests, which are legitimately funny to the very end.

Far Cry 3: The Story Trailer

Following its release in 2012, Far Cry 3 skillfully built upon the formula from its two preceding games, rapidly becoming one of 2012’s most commercially successful open-world titles.

Far Cry 3 is a mature, tempestuous and unpredictable story featuring flawed, morally grey, complex leading heroes and anti-heroes. Protagonist Jason Brody’s believable character development from insipid young man to bedlam-inclined lunatic and Vaas Montenegro’s chilling psychopathic mien, all that copulated with the tropical splendor of Rook Island and a vehemently combat system that inclines you to do incredibly violent acts, makes Far Cry 3 an impetuous gaming experience that will long remain interred in your memory.

Splinter Cell: Blacklist - Launch Trailer

Splinter Cell: Blacklist represents a mirror of a different side of Sam Fisher; while Splinter Cell: Conviction was a personal story, Blacklist emphasizes not who Sam is, but what he does. The storyline is an intermingle of the domineering elements from its predecessors, which made Blacklist’s narrative unique, but poorly executed and often repetitive.

However, there is no doubt or error regarding the game’s exemplary multiplayer mode, enrapturing side-missions, diverse set of gadgets and stunning visual imagery.

Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag - Official Launch Trailer

Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is the second addition to the series’ so-called Kenway Saga, after 2012’s Assassin’s Creed III. Despite its predecessor’s mixed reception. Black Flag is a masterfully-crafted, flexible and queer entry to the Assassin’s Creed series featuring one of its most unique, divergent historical settings and heroes.

Starring fan-favorite Welsh privateer-turned-pirate assassin Edward Kenway, grandfather to Assassin’s Creed III’s leading hero Connor, the player is thrust into the synesthetic beauty of The Caribbean, traversing its uncharted and unconventional islands brimming with enough satisfactory content that will keep you engaged more than any other Assassin’s Creed game.

Three years since its release, Black Flag has remained the series’ most acclaimed and fan-favorite title along with the vigorous Assassin’s Creed II. It’s a smart and innovative entry which players go back to again and again, revisiting the radiant Caribbean realm and lush jungles imbued with amazing secrets relating to the Assassin Order and an indefatigable number of ships to plunder.

From Assassin’s Creed to Far Cry, from Ghost Recon to Splinter Cell, Ubisoft has delivered various, memorable titles over the years and its fans are eager for many extravagant tales in the years to come.

11 Things You Will Understand Only if You Have Played The Division

Assassin's Creed Syndicate: 5 New Features You Should Know About

Assassin’s Creed Series: 10 Things We Love Most About The Assassin’s Creed Games

CONNECT WITH US

Date of Birth

Copyright© 2017 GamersDecide Inc. All rights reserved





 



