 

The only multiplayer Ubisoft game that still has a growing player base nearly a year and a half since release.

Realistic first person shooter game, based on real special forces around the world and keeps growing to so much more! New operators and maps in place. Best online tactical game with co-ordination, thinking and being good on the guns is needed. Great game.

This is the best first person shooter out there in terms of gameplay

Fookin laser sights

I love assassins creed and far cry but I spent over 20 hours this weekend playing the open beta. I can say without a doubt that I am going to be addicted to this game

This should be on number 4 or something

One of the first games I played both on XBox and PC absolutely love this game this game needs more people knowing it WHY IS IT SO UNDERRATED (same with Republic Commando)

The start of famous series

Am not gonna lie,this game deserves to be in top 5.

Not the best but should be higher in the list

This game has an amazing storyline. It has missions around the whole world with very realistic attacks with the best selection of weapons to any game. The characters are perfection E.G. Sam fisher, Charlie Cole. flaws: bad ending and always dark during gameplay without goggles. To conclude its one of Ubisofts best games god bless this company.

Great game but Ubisoft doesn't provide after release support to update the game. When you open a ticket they just answer their automated answer "Thanks we noticed your report, we will transmit it".Result: - - If you uninstall and reinstall the game, you will have to replay again the full campaign to unlock all coop missions and unlock all items again and again. You multiplayer profile will be reseted to zero and you will have to play hours and hours to unlock items.- You can't unlock some items, because you can't login into the mobile application since 2014...- The multiplayer is full of cheaters since the start of the game...

This masterpiece isn't easily forgotten, sadly enough it's placed very low on the list. With no offense in mind I think there's much of the assassins creed fanboism which brings it down.

Amazing game! Except the game boy color version!

Amazing game, overlooked too much!

Legendary game

This game has the stealth and parkour of assassins creed, the great outpost and hq take downs far cry, the seamless multiplayer missions of the division, and the extreme sports aspect of steep all packed into a pretty damn good open world to explore, discover, and find new hilarious ways to interact with.

It's just great.

This game is amazing

AWESOME!

I like this game so good creation

Great game. Made me fall in love with the series and looking to get many other Ubisoft games. Love the outfits as well.

People say that there are constant glitches. Well I have never experienced it - 2storm

Can't wait for this and Far Cry 4

Great Game,fabulous graphics,i have never had any problems with glitches thanks to the patch. Ubisoft even gives you a free DLC.

If you really need a quality game I am alive is one of the best from the graphics to everything you might need to play this game. Get you copy it available in xbox 360, playstations and pc

I have played this over and over again, can't seem to forget it...

I have completed this game 14 times lol

Just baddas

I used to go to a friends house, and we would play the crap out of this amazing game.

Legends was great but origins has to be the best

My favourite ubisoft game. And a little of nostalgia.

I loved this game growing up. I wish they made a sequel to close up the plot holes

The best light graphic game ever

I had play hawx & hawx 2 and I like it more than ace combat because it's more realistic and I like that



 



