 

Gaming Content

WWE 2K18 Trailer: 45 Screenshots You Need To See

NBA 2K18 My GM Tips: 30 Franchise-Saving Trades You Must Make

10 Most Heartbreaking Video Game Moments Of The Decade (So Far)

9 Reasons Why The Witcher 3 Is Better Than Skyrim

Film Content

20 Most Perfect Scenes In Cinema History

13 Movies That Scored A Legendary F With CinemaScore

Ranking: 20 Highest Grossing Horror Movies Of All Time

Ranking Every Aspect Of The MCU From Worst To Best

WWE Content

6 Ups And 7 Downs From WWE No Mercy 2017

10 Last-Minute WWE No Mercy 2017 Rumours You Need To Know

Predicting Where All Current WWE Champions Will Be In 12 Months

6 Ups And 5 Downs From Last Night's WWE Raw (Sept 25)

TV Content

10 Reasons You're Wrong About Gotham

Arrow Vs The Flash: Which TV Show Is Better?

Marvel's The Punisher New Trailer Breakdown: 11 Things You Need To See

The Flash Season 4: 7 Problems It Needs To Fix

Comics Content

10 Reasons You're Wrong About Gotham

Marvel's The Punisher New Trailer Breakdown: 11 Things You Need To See

8 Things DC Want You To Forget About Harley Quinn

8 Things Watchmen TV Show Must Do Differently To Zack Snyder's Film

Offbeat Content

20 Amazing Disneyland Facts You Didn't Know

10 Creepy Stories About Real Life Executioners

10 Most Haunted Hotels In The World

10 Things You Didn't Know About Universal Orlando's Halloween Horror Nights

Sport Content

NBA 2K18 My GM Tips: 30 Franchise-Saving Trades You Must Make

FIFA 18: 20 Fastest Players

FIFA 18: 7 Players Who Can’t Be Happy With Their Rating

NBA 2K18 MyTeam: 10 Bargain Players You Must Buy First

Science Content

10 Most Compelling Pieces Of Evidence That Prove Time Travel Exists

10 Most Compelling Pieces Of Evidence That Prove Ghosts Are Real

10 Most Compelling Pieces Of Evidence That Prove Aliens Have Visited Earth

7 Ways 'The Food Babe' Spectacularly Fails To Grasp Science

Music Content

10 Weirdest Wrestling Cameos In Music Videos

10 Mind-Blowing Facts You Never Knew About Metallica

Alter Bridge: Ranking All 5 Studio Albums

U2: 10 Best Album Tracks

30 years, 14 cherrypicked games - what's Ubisoft's greatest achievement?

One of gaming's most prolific and storied developers, you've got Ubisoft to thank for everything from Rayman to Assassin's Creed, Splinter Cell to Prince of Persia. Their 30 year history is one to be celebrated, and to this day they're currently revving the engines on Watch Dogs 2, For Honor and the SSX-aping STEEP, to name but three games coming in the next few months.

But with such a huge amount of time at the top, what's actually their crowning achievement?

We tend to think of studios like Rockstar and Naughty Dog, only for the likes of Grand Theft Auto/Red Dead or Uncharted/The Last of Us to pop up respectively. For Ubisoft though, their sheer size allows them to release a number of well-received and highly-regarded titles every year, potentially leaving no single standout.

Or does it? Let me know what you think is Ubi's single greatest title (and their biggest mess) in the comments below, and here's to another 30 years going forward.

Note: Only one game from each franchise has been chosen, unless there's a notable difference in quality to be worthy of inclusion more than once (like the below Assassin's Creed versus another in the list).

--

Watch Dogs tends to spring to mind if you ruminate on monumental Ubisoft face-plants, but I put it to you that AC: Unity is worse in every respect.

See, where Watch Dogs was actually playable, Unity released as a broken mess - one that to this day, Ubi have never fully rectified, despite releasing a 150GB patch to replace the Xbox One version entirely.

There's also the fact that Unity was supposed to be the game that convinced us of "the next generation of Assassin's Creed", with the devs routinely touting the fact they'd built an entire new engine, with "all-new animations" - the standard "It's a whole new way to play" routine.

But what did that amount to?

Well, we got a 'descend' button you could hold to freak the camera out, and... nothing else. It played exactly the same, looked gorgeous in spots but completely absurd in others, all-round being the one title that put the nail in the Assassin's Creed coffin, after the casket was already closing shut.

WWE 2K18: 10 Biggest Superstars That Won't Be In The Game

WWE 2K18 Trailer: 45 Screenshots You Need To See

WWE 2K18: 10 Biggest Roster Omissions

Gaming Editor at WhatCulture. From wielding shovels to resting at bonfires, fighting evil clones to brewing decoctions, it is a DAMN fun industry to pick apart.

WWE 2K18 Trailer: 45 Screenshots You Need To See

NBA 2K18 My GM Tips: 30 Franchise-Saving Trades You Must Make

10 Most Heartbreaking Video Game Moments Of The Decade (So Far)

9 Reasons Why The Witcher 3 Is Better Than Skyrim

10 Times Video Game Franchises Were Rebooted Into The Worst Thing Ever

Delivering passionate and comprehensive entertainment coverage to millions of users world-wide each month. Seen on Sky News; featured in The Guardian, NY Times, The Independent and more. 40,000+ articles posted by thousands of contributors spanning the entire cultural spectrum.



 



