 

There are some video game studios out there whose games all have a unifying characteristic. Their gameplay, look, and genre are all so alike that it’s a no-brainer that they were developed by the same team. Other developers are more well-known for their diversity, their wide range of genres, and their big catalogue of brands. Ubisoft is certainly a studio of the latter kind. The defining traits of Ubisoft games are their high quality and their high production value. Founded in 1986, the French video game developer and publisher is certainly also one of the defining institutions in the video game industry. Never missing a new innovation, the studio was quick to explore new technologies and embrace them. With the advances of online gaming and mobile gaming, Ubisoft has made sure to never fall behind. Today, it is one of the largest independent publishers of video games worldwide, and we here at SevenGames.com have a wide array of their titles on our website!

If you like to play free games in the browser of your choice, Ubisoft will be a safe bet. The studio has released several browser games over the course of the last few years. If you happen to be looking for a fun and high quality free-to-play game for your browser, you should take a peek at Ubisoft games. The developer puts a great focus on releasing browser games that do not follow a pay-to-win business model. Instead, its titles are fair and well-balanced. Games such as Anno Online, The Settlers Online, and Panzer General Online have brought established franchises to online gaming. These are the most popular genres for Ubisoft’s browser games:

Another major branch of Ubisoft games on SevenGames.com are online games. These free titles have established new IPs in the studio’s portfolio. Particularly the quirky humor of The Mighty Quest for Epic Loot has opened an entirely new door for the publisher resulting in the continuous development of more free games. While most online games have to be downloaded first, they usually also offer a more immersive gaming world with detailed 3D graphics.

In more recent years, the game developer’s major focus has been mobile gaming. Particularly established franchises have found their way to players’ smartphones and tablets. Rayman, Assassin’s Creed, and Anno have all gotten their very own apps. Ubisoft has also made sure to mix it up with brand-new IPs developed specifically for mobile devices. Below you will find some of the core features of Ubisoft mobile games:

If you’ve ever wanted to know what it’s like to ...

Characters from all over the NCSoft universe have ...

If you're feeling a bit adventurous and fancy a ...

Join an alternative universe where every little task...

Dive into the fantastic online world of Dungeons and...

Enjoy thrilling strategy battles on all your ...

Armored Warfare is a fast-paced explosive tank game ...

Venture into darkness in this free-to-play RPG ...

The sequel to the original Tribal Wars browser title...

Set in Europe during the middle ages, your quest is ...



 



